# solr-scpa-scores

## Introduction

Note: Previous versions of this repository were used as a Solr configuration
directory on solr.lib.umd.edu. This repository has now been changed to support
creating a Docker image containing the data.

When making updates to the data or configuration, a new Docker image should be
created.

---

## Important Note

The "data.csv" file included in this branch was originally generated by
exporting data from the existing solr.lib.umd.edu instance, and corresponded to
the "scpa-scores-solr_20191106.csv" file from
[Confluence](https://confluence.umd.edu/display/LIB/SolrDB+Project%3A+SCPA+Scores+Collection).

It has since been modified to remove 800 records from the "Stephen Albert"
collection, as requested in [LIBITD-1516](https://issues.umd.edu/browse/LIBITD-1516).

This version of the repository does _not_ support CSV files provided by SCPA.
See the "scpa_csv_import" branch for a version that can be used as a base
for processing CSV files provided by SCPA.

---

## Building the Docker Image for Testing

When building the Docker image, the "data.csv" file will be used to populate
the Solr database.

To build the Docker image named "solr-scpa-scores":

```
> docker build -t solr-scpa-scores .
```

To run the freshly built Docker container on port 8983:

```
> docker run -it --rm -p 8983:8983 solr-scpa-scores
```

Solr will then be available at [http://localhost:8983/](http://localhost:8983/).

## Building the Docker Image for Deployment

When building the Docker image for deployment, do the following:

```
> docker build --no-cache -t docker.lib.umd.edu/solr-scpa-scores:<VERSION> -f Dockerfile .
```

where \<VERSION> is the Docker image version to use (typically the same as the
tagged version of this repository). For example, to create the "3.1.0" version:

```
> docker build --no-cache -t docker.lib.umd.edu/solr-scpa-scores:3.1.0 -f Dockerfile .
```

**Note:** The "--no-cache" option is used to force Docker to download the latest
version of any images, instead of relying on whatever might be in the cache on a
particular workstation.

## License

See the [LICENSE](LICENSE.txt) file for license rights and limitations.
